I wasn't trying to open your closet I
wasn't trying to open your closet I
swear Wow Monica runs a pretty tight
ship around here doesn't she
what are you doing Monica has the secret
closet she won't let me see what's in it
I don't know what could she possibly be
hiding in here that I can't see I don't
know I bet it's Richard why would Monica
be keeping Richard in here well off the
top of my head maybe she's having her
cake and eating it to you being the cake
Richard being the tool or and here we go
I saw this movie once where there was a
door and nobody knew what was behind it
and when they finally got it open
millions and millions and millions of
bugs came pouring out and they feasted
on human flesh you know wouldn't kill
you to respect your wife's privacy
there's gone away easy there Captain
Kirk oh give a bobby pin yeah
oh no wait I'm not a nine-year-old girl
then why do you throw like maybe Monica
has a bobby pin
sure Monica so how's the hideously
inappropriate crush on Rachel coming I
really good really good yeah I should be
ready to kill myself
any day now Wow you sure found that
quick I just I wish I didn't feel this
way about Rachel anymore you know I wish
things could go back to normal I mean I
I love living with her and God help know
what the baby is just amazing but now I
think I think Ross feels left out you
know
when I had to take Rachel to the
hospital the doctor thought I was the
father God you should have seen the look
on Ross's face by the way I have no idea
what I'm doing here for all I know I'm
just walking it more oh hey did you try
to open it with a credit card that's a
good idea okay so uh Ross is kind of
bummed huh I feel terrible well it's not
your fault what are you gonna do not
take her to the hospital you know you're
doing nothing wrong except for harboring
an all-consuming love for the woman
that's carrying his baby
Richard if you're in there could you
pass me my credit card not too shabby
myself using my wife's tools oh my god
you're messy supposed to see this I'm
married Fred Sanford you don't
understand you're not sick look I don't
love you because you're organized I love
you in spite of that
really you promise you won't tell anyone
yes and look now that I know if I've got
some extra stuff lying around can we can
we share the closet oh well it's just um
I'm afraid you might mess it up